Previously, on Beyond...
Shoemacher's chemo pills.
Happy to help in any way I can.
Pleased to hear it.
Dispose of him. Discreetly.
It is so nice to finally meet
one of Holden's friends.
I'm happy you two found each other.
I cherish us, the idea
of you and I, Diane.
Keep your helping hands off Christine!
- I thought I was alone in here.
- You're not alone. I'm Willa.
How did you say you two met again?
- Maybe this was a mistake.
- Maybe it was.
- Sync and corrections by ByDem -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Holden.
Holden!
Come on.
I thought you had this under control.
So did I. I... I guess, I just
freaked out.
I didn't mean it.
I know. It was an accident.
No. What I said, the other night,
after dinner.
I want you to know, I didn't mean it.
I'm really glad you decided to come.
I must've made quite an impression.
What happened?
Guess I just... freaked out.
This is familiar.
Like how we first met.
I remember.
I missed you.
I missed you, too.
Are you sure?
It's your first time?
Our first time?
I'm sure.
Good. Me too.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
Are you?
Oh!
- Oh. Sorry. I...
- It's okay.
Should I, um...
Um, yeah.
- Hi.
Sorry, uh... All I keep sayin' is sorry.
Um...
I have to get that.
Of course. I am... I'm just gonna, um...
- Yeah.
- You know...
I'll be out there.
- Cool.
- Hey.
- My dad's looking for me.
- I have to go, it's my grandfather.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Uh, you?
It's fine.
Can you lock the door on your way out?
Sure. And we'll talk later?
Of course.
One ninety-two.
How do you know?
It's my job to know.
You don't have a machine?
I am the machine.
I can count these by hand if you want,
but I've been working here since '97.
I'm telling you that's 192.
Count 'em by hand.
- What do you want?
- Me? Nothing.
The tickets are all for you.
We both won 'em, so we split 50-50.
Hmm.
I have an idea.
Why don't you pick out
my toy and I'll pick out yours.
Deal?
Deal.
One ninety-two.
I'll have one blue yo-yo, please.
And I'll have that red bracelet.
Hmm? Hmm.
- You like it, Daddy?
- I love it.
I'm actually a great yo-yo'er, you know.
Show me a trick, mister.
Oh.
Awesome.
Can we come back tomorrow?
Remember, I have to go away?
You always have to leave.
But I always come back.
Can I come?
I'm sorry, honey.
Daddy's gotta do business.
With who?
I'm meeting one of my oldest
work friends.
He was my mentor.
What's a mentor?
He taught me how to do my job well.
Promise you'll be home soon?
Promise.
Damn it.
Thank you, I...
Charlie?
Uh... It's Diane, Holden's mom.
- Hi!
- Oh!
Well, I prefer Diane the Greatest
Lasagna Maker in the World.
Oh, it so good to see you.
What are you doing in town?
Holden said that you were
at school in New York.
Or was it California?
Yeah. No. I... took a... leap year,
- whatever it's called.
- Oh, well, good for you.
So what brings you back to Fort Reed?
I'm just visiting an old friend.
Oh. Where are you staying?
Some motel. Uh... You know, over there.
- That direction somewhere.
- Oh. It must be the Dew Drop Inn.
It's the only motel for 20 miles.
Yeah. Probably.
Here it is.
The Chief's Special.
The Dew Drop Inn has many charms,
but security isn't one of them,
so... neither is hot water.
Do you know how to use it?
I do, I'm an excellent shot.
I... I've always wanted to learn.
Are you gonna look at this thing or not?
- Yes, um...
- Yeah. Yeah. Go, go, go, go, don't...
Do your thing. I've gotta run anyway.
It was great to see you, Diane the
Greatest Lasagna Maker in the World.
Itas great to see you, too, Charlie.
And come over anytime, there's always
plenty enough to go around.
Great.
Crap.
That what you were lookin' for?
I don't know. How long is the wait?
For what?
To make sure I'm not, like, crazy,
or an ex-con or something?
You crazy?
No.
Ex-con?
Then there you have it.
Good for me.
Do you take cash?
I took a quick shower,
maybe five minutes.
And when I came down to
check on him, he was gone.
Where the hell could he be?
Maybe he just went for a walk.
- Where?
- Maybe he went to that diner.
He hasn't eaten there in two years.
I'm just trying to help.
You could've helped
by keeping an eye on him.
I'll check the diner.
- I'll go with you.
- No, you... stay here.
In case he comes back.
Hello?
Down here!
Fight!
Oh!
Dude.
What happened at work today?
Dad was here, wasn't he?
Yeah.
He said he wanted
to talk about the "incident."
It's his words, not mine.
The air quotes were mine.
- How upset was he?
- It's hard to say.
How bad?
I accidentally fired up
the engine on a Cessna 150.
- Doesn't sound so bad.
- It came loose
and almost turned me
into hamburger helper.
Huh. What are you gonna do?
I...
I don't know.
I'm probably gonna get fired.
Oh, come on.
Okay, Dad would never let that happen.
Although, you may want
to start lookin' for a job
that doesn't have as many sharp objects.
Ow!
Uh... Yeah, Riley was here.
We, uh, made up.
Right here on the couch?
Gross, Luke!
I thought you and Riley were done.
Yeah, well, somebody
stole something from her.
And I'm helpin' her out.
Why?
Because that's what people do?
They help each other out?
You don't think I help people?
I help people!
Steven at the warehouse? Saved his life!
Yeah, from an accident you caused...
No, no. Luke, see,
this is why we're so different.
You're always looking
at the glass half-empty.
No, I'm looking at the glass, and
wondering why we're not using the water
to put out the fire.
- What fire?
- Mine, for starters.
You mean Riley's.
She got mixed up with a bad dude, okay?
And she was gonna
go out there by herself.
I can't let her do that.
So, you want me to beat
up a dude I don't know
for a girl you don't like?
I just want you to have my back.
I know you want to hold on
to this normal life.
But this normal life
is kicking your ass.
And not everyone has the choice
between, you know, cutting boxes
and saving lives, but you do.
Look, Luke. I want to help you.
But Riley ruined your life once,
I know she's gonna do it again.
I'm sorry, I can't help you, and I
really hope you won't help her, either.
Yeah, that's the real difference
between me and you.
What's that?
You cut boxes.
I help people.
- Thanks, Jo.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, and some Dijon mustard
when you get a sec.
And if not Dijon, then spicy brown.
Or whole grain. Oh, wait.
Whole grain and then spicy brown...
- What can I do for you?
- Oh. Straight to the point.
I like it. I heard about your run-in
with Ian Brockman.
Diane told you.
You're fired up. I don't blame you.
But your temper is a threat
to my investigation.
That guy's a threat to my family.
And I assure you, we are
doing everything
that we can to nab these guys.
- Oh, thank you.
- You called me all the way
out here to tell me to
stay away from Pastor Ian?
'Cause Diane already
gave me that speech.
Oh, right. Diane.
Are you close with the Matthews family?
What about the son?
Holden, are you close to him?
We're friends.
Did he ever talk to you
about Hollow Sky?
Nope.
Did he ever mention anybody
named Isaac Frost?
What about Tess Shoemacher?
Never heard of her.
Listen, Holden is just a regular
guy tryin' to live his life.
You're barkin' up the wrong tree.
Who do all of these names
have in common?
Mr. "Regular Guy"
Holden Matthews.
Now, I'm wondering if you can tell me,
why he is in the center
of my Hollow Sky investigation?
You know, it never sat right with me,
the way you FBI types fight your
battles from behind a desk.
Now it seems like you fight your
battles from behind a cheeseburger.
I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to help Christine.
- Like I said, Holden's just a...
- Regular guy, yeah.
Okay. Here.
Anything comes to mind, give me a call.
Or a text. Whatever.
Right.
Liar.
I just feel awful about what
happened with Jeff.
It was violent, and you
shouldn't have seen it.
He was just upset about Kevin.
People handle grief differently.
How are things between you and Tom?
We're still separated,
if that's what you're asking.
It is.
Well, I certainly wouldn't
be having lunch with you
if we were back together.
Well, there's nothing wrong with two
friends having a meal together.
Is that what we are?
Friends?
I don't know what it is, but I just
feel better when I'm with you.
What's your secret?
Well, hopefully someday soon,
it won't be much of a secret at all.
You mean Hollow Sky.
It's okay, you can tell me.
I promise I'll keep an open mind.
I'm glad.
Now, there's a lot
that I can't talk about.
It's not because it's bad or dangerous,
only because they're still
working on the technology.
What kind of technology?
The kind that'll change the world.
Change how people, the living
and those who have passed on,
experience the afterlife.
It will keep us connected to our loved
ones long after their deaths.
So death will no longer
be death, but rather travel.
That sounds...
- Crazy.
- Yes.
Maybe it's one of those things
I need to see to believe.
Let me see if I can pull some strings.
Maybe get you a tour of headquarters.
If you're interested.
Could you really do that?
Let me see what I can do.
Relax your shoulders.
Just tryin' to help.
I didn't ask for your help.
Could be you keep missin'
'cause something's got you tense.
Yeah, could be.
Stop thinking.
How the hell do I do that?
Empty out and I'll show you.
Now ain't that the best
moonshine you ever tasted?
That's disgusting.
That's a family recipe
you're talkin' about.
Give me one more.
I've never seen you before.
I'm not from here.
Oh, mysterious.
Not really, I just, um, I just kind
of grew up all over the place.
Oh. Come to Fort Reed
to practice your shot?
And drink moonshine with strangers.
What are you practicing for?
I'm thinking about killing someone.
All right. Who you gonna kill?
Some old guy. He's like 102.
What did this poor old fella do to you?
Oh, some fun stuff. Like, for instance,
he... he kidnapped me,
and held me hostage
in a strange place for way
longer than I wanted.
This still a joke? It's startin'
to feel kind of real.
Guess you'll never know.
You're still tense.
All right. Breathe.
Relax.
You're on that target.
You got anything
goes down a little smoother?
Is he okay?
He's okay. A little
disoriented, but not hurt.
Is he under arrest?
The owners of the house
declined to press charges.
For what?
They came home and found your
grandfather digging up the backyard.
When they tried to approach,
he got hostile.
He said it was, uh,
his house and to get away.
He's been having some problems
with his memory.
Be wise to keep a better eye on him.
It only gets worse.
Can I take him home?
I was so worried.
Don't be.
Thank you, Officer.
Look what I found, Willa.
I don't know what that is.
Somewhere inside this notebook is a
secret to fixing the machine.
It was buried for 30 years.
But I never forgot.
Let's go home.
$513,000 in damages.
Five, one, three, zero, zero... zero.
Now who's gonna tell me
what the hell happened?
Ask him.
I'm... sorry?
- That's all you have to say?
- Hey. You were in charge.
You had the keys, the alarm code.
You been ridin' Holden's ass
since the day he was promoted.
Stevie had nothing to do with it.
I got mad.
I lost control and I
messed the place up.
I'm sorry.
You got mad and destroyed half a
million dollars worth of property?
Plus 13,000 for that propeller.
Stevie.
Somebody better give me an answer.
Or I'm cuttin' both your pay.
That won't be necessary.
I quit.
You mind if we have the
room for a minute?
Sit down.
What are you doing?
Dad, I'm sorry. It's just...
Just, nothing. You screwed up,
so take responsibility for it.
It's over half a million dollars.
Come on, Holden, nobody
believes you did all this.
Besides, the insurance will cover most,
but you can work the rest off.
What is really goin' on with you?
I'm... not cut out for this work.
Come on. I've seen you reconfigure
a lawn mower engine
to power a 10-speed.
And now I'm doing data entry.
All right, so...
you want a different department?
Do you want to work the floor?
Because I can make that happen.
- Dad, you don't understand.
- You're right. I don't.
I don't understand.
Something is going on with you.
What is it?
Just tell me what it is you want.
I want to clear out
my locker and go home.
I don't know why
you're making this so hard.
Because I'm your father.
I don't want to see you
make a decision that you're
gonna regret down the road.
Do you understand that?
I'm trying to help you.
I never asked you to!
No.
You didn't.
I expected so much more
from you, Holden.
Yeah, well... so did I.
You can clean out your locker and go.
There he is! You're early, buddy.
How are you, Richard?
Better now that you're here.
Come on in.
What's on the grill?
Brats and burgers.
I hope you're hungry, partner.
What you got there?
Scotch for us and a... doll for Maddy.
- Is she here?
- No, they're at the water park.
I got the whole place to myself
all day, isn't that somethin'?
Why don't you pop that open
and pour us a couple?
How have you been?
Can't complain.
Work's good.
Closed on my cabin up north.
Kansas City's winnin'.
Did you listen to the game
on the way up?
I stopped following football
when Emily arrived.
But I was never really much of a fan.
Give up your man card,
there's no gettin' it back.
Doesn't matter how hard they hit,
they're still grown men in tights.
I'll bet you never miss a school play
or one of the parent-teachers
meetings, do you?
My daughter starred in Little Red
Riding Hood this past fall,
and she was spectacular.
Is that right?
Maddy did that play.
She played the wolf.
You know what I never understood?
How it took sweet Little Red Riding Hood
so damn long to figure out
that there was a friggin' wolf
right there in her granny's bed!
Dressed in her granny's clothes
just waitin' to rip her apart.
What a stupid bitch.
You're really gonna pretend
you have no idea
why I called you up here today?
I have my suspicions.
We've been friends for 20 years,
and I'm inclined to hope for the best.
Yeah.
I was wrong.
Now you see, that's
your problem right there.
You can't separate personal
from professional.
Well, sure, I'm your friend,
but that's not gonna stop me
from killin' you.
Because that's my job.
Shoemacher.
You robbed her house. What did you
think was gonna happen?
I mean, don't get me wrong,
this makes me sick.
Sick in my belly,
deep down in my belly sick.
I'm not a monster.
We had some times
over the years, didn't we?
Damn it, man. You screwed up.
You really screwed up.
Don't you want to know what
I found in Shoemacher's safe?
There are chemotherapy pills,
she's got cancer.
What business is that of yours?
Mine? None. Hollow Sky shareholders?
They put a lot of capital in Shoemacher.
And Shoemacher stock is plummeting.
So what? You a shareholder?
I'm a believer.
Hollow Sky's an important organization.
It means a lot to me.
You know what means somethin'?
Cashed checks.
We get a phone call,
we take a phone call.
We don't ask about the phone call.
We don't meddle in the boss's business.
We take orders.
Nobody cares what you think.
They care what you do.
And right now, you're not doin' so good.
Now, who else knows
about our friend Shoemacher?
Either you tell me
or I get Emily to tell me.
Aah!
You made me waste my bullet.
Aw, who taught you that one?
You did.
What? You thought it'd be easy?
Easy, easy, you son of a bitch!
Unbelievable!
Made me waste my yo-yo.
It was below zero
and about three feet of snow
had piled up the night before.
And, um... you could
barely open the door.
I was four months pregnant.
Just having the weirdest cravings.
Kevin and I had just gone
to the store, and our house
was stocked with food, so we just...
locked ourselves in the house
and... made popcorn
and steak for breakfast
and just watched TV all day.
It was just us, all day.
Christine, thank you
for sharing that memory with us.
Your tears, your pain, your grief...
imagine they were optional,
unnecessary.
Imagine Kevin still
very much alive, waiting for you
to communicate with him.
Like a medium?
No. No. A direct line to Kevin.
Just you and him.
Talking, laughing, being together.
Your loved ones aren't gone.
They've simply relocated.
They're waiting for you to believe.
Thank you for coming.
Hey, Pastor Ian.
- About the other day...
- Water under the bridge, Jeff.
Times like this, emotions
run high, I get it.
I was wrong and I apologize.
I accept.
It's interesting what you're doin' here.
I want to know more.
I know it seems wacky,
but I can promise you,
here, you'll find a new happiness.
I certainly hope you'll come back.
Of course.
So how do I get in?
The keys are buried right behind
that flamingo thing there.
The pills are in a cookie jar,
in the cupboard above the sink.
This guys sounds like a real genius.
Keep your phone on.
Yeah.
This is really cool of you, Luke.
Seriously.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
I'll, um... I'll be right back.
Okay.
Oh my God.
Pick up!
Oh, pick up, pick up, Luke!
This is Luke. Leave a message. Peace.
Hey! What the...?
That's what you get,
breakin' into a man's castle!
Now, give me the pills.
They're not yours. You stole them!
The hell they ain't. These are mine.
That skeezer still owes me
from the last batch she ate up.
Oh, yeah? Well, why don't you ask her?
Riley?
Ops.
Sucker for love. Bitch-ass!
Come on, man.
What is this? Eighty-one bucks?
Minus that from 2,000, that's...
Well, you'll figure it out,
'cause that's what you owe me now.
I was just tryin' to help her.
Well, you can help her
pay me back by this time
next week, otherwise... Luke Matthews?
I'm gonna be waitin' outside
1989 Elmwood Road for my payment.
Hey.
Uh, Plains Brew, please?
I don't actually know any other beers.
How was your day?
- I'm glad it's over.
- Yeah. Me too.
I quit my job.
What about your promotion?
It wasn't working out.
Sorry.
Thanks.
Maybe Luke was right,
maybe I am wasting my time
trying to be normal, or whatever.
You're not normal, Holden.
Right, I mean, I'm no hero,
but I can do things no one else can.
Maybe it's finally time
to make good on these...
Powers?
Is that why you quit your job?
I think it might be.
Only I don't know
what I should be doing.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
Are you okay?
Hey, what's wrong?
Arthur went missing and... I only found
him after he was arrested
for trying to break
into someone's house.
Missing? How...?
Because he probably has Alzheimer's...
or something equally terrible.
He's not well, and I don't
know how to help him.
I just know that he won't be
around for much longer,
and then I'll be alone.
No family.
Just me.
So for now, I'd like to take a
moment to sip my cocktail...
and process my own life problems
before delving into how to solve yours.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because you didn't ask.
Ask what? Hey, Willa, did Arthur
get arrested today?
How about, how are you, Willa?
Last time I saw you, you were running
out for a family emergency.
Is everything okay?
I had no idea you were mad at me.
Neither did I.
I'm sorry, I... I don't know
how to do this.
Being a boyfriend.
Sometimes I think it would be easier
if we were still in the realm.
Yeah, me too.
I knew how to live there.
We both did.
You remember how you felt
your first time in the realm?
I was terrified.
I didn't know where I was
or what was going on.
I didn't know if I was alive or dead.
But somehow we found each other.
And I wasn't alone anymore.
I wasn't afraid.
I wasn't lost.
We had each other...
and together we survived.
Wow!
Oh. Sorry, Mom, did I wake you?
No, no, no. I was just up reading.
Can't sleep?
Think I had too much caffeine.
How was your day?
Same. Fine, uh, whatever.
Uh, you?
Ditto.
Everything okay?
Yeah. I'm just, um, gettin'
some exercise.
Okay.
Well, if you're okay,
I'm gonna head back up.
All right.
- I'll see you in the morning.
- Good night.
- I love you.
- Love you too.
Oh!
You'll never guess who I saw yesterday.
Wait. What is the knock card again?
Oh, um... I... can't remember...
I thought you said you
weren't expecting anybody.
Yeah, I'm not.
Whoa, slow down, Rambo.
Okay? Got this.
- All right.
- It's my room, my gun,
and I'm good and ready.
Well, go get 'em, tiger.
Hey.
- Sync and corrections by ByDem -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org